[Music]
what's the matter seems like girl
whenever anything good in my life
happens I'm just afraid I'm gonna lose
it
really love you
[Music]
whatever it's like I think about you
every still the problem with you is you
still think you're real it's all up here
now you want to move something you got
to move it with your mind only why can't
you hear me
hello I got a message from Sam what Sam
wheat he asked me to call once you go to
police he said it was a setup he was
murdered she said Sam knew who killed
her are you out of your mind I mean what
are you gonna tell the police she knew
things private things
I know but the green on the way that you
wrote your name on this psychic poems
got record goes back a long way
don't open the damn door he's a murderer
I'm doing this to me do you hear me why
are you doing this to me I would never
say that Molly you in danger girl
[Music]